cloud-composer-etl/Readme-update (#43)
GoogleCloudPlatform/click-to-deploy-solutions: cloud-composer-etl/README.md

[![banner](../banner.png)](https://cloud.google.com/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=GCP&utm_content=packages_repository_banner)

> # Easily Orchestrate and Manage an ETL Pipeline in Google Cloud 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Easily Orchestrate and Manage Data Pipelines in Google Cloud 
```

## Introduction

This architecture uses click-to-deploy so you can spin up infrastructure in minutes using terraform!

> The data analytics world relies on ETL and ETL pipelines to derive meaningful insights from data. Data engineers and ETL developers are often required to build dozens of interdependent pipelines as part of their data platform, but orchestrating, managing, and monitoring all these pipelines can be quite a challenge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data analytics world relies on ETL and ELT pipelines to derive meaningful insights from data. Data engineers and ETL developers are often required to build dozens of interdependent pipelines as part of their data platform, but orchestrating, managing, and monitoring all these pipelines can be quite a challenge.
```
ETL twice. Did you mean ELT here?
